K with long blond hair in a computer lab
K with short red hair with a group of students working together on computers.
Scenes of K looking at a computer and at a set of 3D printed objects.
K smiling with a human-like life-sized robot.
Scenes of K, wearing a red bow tie, speaking into a microphone
then talking with a faculty member.
K with pink hair showing a Perkins Brailler to a group of children.
K exploring assistive technologies.
K arm-in-arm with a group of smiling friends.
K holding a 3D printed model.
K in a wheelchair, wearing jacket and tie, at a job fair.
K with friends laughing and wearing silly costumes.
K in a clown costume on a skateboard.